---
title: FAQ
author:
layout: section
---
<font size="6" color="#000000">Does Mirage only work for PUBG?</font>
Currenty Yes.<br>
This is because I use PUBG as a test app. Once Mirage enters beta it will be possible to configure it to use any clipping/position rectangles so that it can be used as a generic clipped screenshot sharing program.

<font size="6" color="#000000">Will Mirage afect my performance ingame?</font>
Most likely not.<br>
Mirage only uses a little but of CPU and memory while processing an image. It does however currently consume a significant amount of bandwidth.

<font size="6" color="#000000">Why does my antivirus warn me about Mirage?</font>
False positive heuristics hit.<br>
Many third party anti virus programs (AVG, Avast, etc) use heuristics (algorithmic guesswork) to identify unknown programs that behave suspiciously. For Mirage; they detect that it is taking background input and also opening network sockets and likely (falsely) flags it as a keylogger.

<font size="6" color="#000000">Why does BattlEye not let me start the game while Mirage is running?</font>
Anti virus has falsely flagged it as malicious.<br>
Battleye does not allow suspected malicious programs to run alongside the game.

<font size="6" color="#000000">All my screenshots are black/old; why?</font>
You are running the game in fullscreen.<br>
Games running in fullscreen cannot be captured via the OS interface. I will try to implement support for fullscreen applications after 1.0 but this requires som hacking that anti cheat engines (like BattlEye doesn't like).